What is a Nanodegree program. What’s the experience like?_
A Nanodegree program is a unique online educational offering designed to equip you with the skills you need, to land the job you want, so you can build the life you deserve.Nanodegree programs feature cutting-edge curriculum built with industry leaders and taught by expert instructors. One-on-one appointments, moderated forums, and project reviews ensure a personalized experience. Graduates earn an industry-recognized credential and benefit from extensive career support.
Students master Nanodegree program curriculum by building projects that are approved by Udacity coaches and reviewers. Completed projects are showcased for hiring partners in student portfolios. As soon as you start a Nanodegree program, you join other students who are working towards the same credential. You interact with your fellow students, as well as members of the Udacity Coach team, in an online community to receive support throughout the program._

How do you build the curriculum for a Nanodegree program?_
Our curriculum managers partner with hiring managers and subject matter experts from leading companies to define the skills required to qualify for a job in that field. The programs are designed to teach these skills through building portfolio-ready projects and solving real-world problems._

Why will a Nanodegree program curriculum prepare me for a job better than other online courses?_
The Nanodegree program curriculum is built with exclusive input from leading industry employers who know exactly what skills they are looking for in their candidates. The skills taught in our programs are immediately applicable in the current job market, and the portfolio projects you build as part of your Nanodegree program will demonstrate your skills to hiring managers._

How is a Nanodegree program curriculum different from taking multiple courses?_
All our programs feature expert instructors teaching critical and cutting-edge skills. For those pursuing mastery of a particular skill, or who wish to craft an independent study path, a self-designed menu of individual courses can be an excellent option. However, features such as project review, moderated peer forums, career support, and an awarded credential are only available to students enrolled in a Nanodegree program._

I don’t know which Nanodegree program I should take. What should be done?_
Each program we offer is designed to help you achieve goals, meet objectives, and succeed in your life and career. Whether you have a specific job in mind, or want to learn specific skills, the best way to decide is to envision your desired outcome, and then select the path that will get you there. Sometimes this is easy—you want to build Android apps, you take the Android Developer program! But if you’re not sure, we can guide you in the right direction. Our blog is a great resource for career pathing, and you can always email us at support@udacity.com. We’ll learn about your interests, your goals, and your experience, and make personalized recommendations on the best ways to move forward._

I’ve never programmed before. Can I still take a Nanodegree program?_
Yes! Our goal is to provide exactly the right learning experience for every student, and we offer several beginning programs that require no programming experience whatsoever. Each of these programs will equip you with foundational skills. In addition, they will help prepare you for an eventual career in technology, and/or allow you to enroll in a more advanced career-track Nanodegree program. Just go to our catalog, and filter for beginner!_

Will scholarships be available?_
The following organizations will award scholarships, provided by AT&T Aspire and Udacity:
Genesys Works
Children of Fallen Heroes
YearUp
Boys & Girls Clubs of America
Communities In Schools
Girls Who Code
Jobs for America’s Graduates
Dallas County Community College District
AdelanTech
Each of these organizations have a strong focus on preparing traditionally underserved students for 21st century jobs.
Please contact each of these organizations directly for information on how you can apply for and receive a scholarship for Udacity courses. We expect to include more organizations in the future.
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+_

What type of support comes with the Nanodegree program?_
We offer a variety of avenues for students to receive help while learning. The best way to receive speedy help for questions is to post a it in the forum. The forums are moderated and monitored by expert mentors who are available to answer questions, offer support, and recommend additional resources. If you require more individual help, you can schedule a 1 on 1 appointment with a mentor. And for more general questions about your program, you can always send Udacity staff an email._

What kinds of questions can I ask?_
Feel free to ask anything related to the course content, including questions about the best ways to take the class, and how to improve your code. Mentors are an excellent resource for helpful study tips and useful feedback on projects._

Are there prerequisites for Nanodegree programs?_
Prerequisites differ by program, but some minimum requirements include:
You are self-driven and motivated to learn. Participation in this program requires consistently meeting the deadlines.
You can communicate proficiently and professionally in written and spoken English.
You have access to a computer with a broadband connection, on which you’ll install a professional code/text editor.
You approach problem solving strategically and can clearly communicate your strategies.
You are willing to contribute to the success of the program, including collaborating with fellow students and giving us feedback on how we can improve.
You have a reliable means of participating in video conferences (ie. Google Hangouts and/or Skype) and of communicating with a Coach (for project assessments and verifications for instance).
Other specific prerequisites can be found under the ‘Nanodegree Program Prerequisites and Requirements’ section of each Nanodegree overview program.
See the Technology Requirements for using Udacity._

Is there an admissions process? If yes, what is it?_
We do have an admissions process for some of our advanced Nanodegree programs such as the Self-Driving Car Nanodegree program. We use the admissions process to ensure students are ready to succeed in the program._

When does each program begin?_
It depends on the Nanodegree program. Our self-paced Nanodegree programs are always open for enrollment; you can start a credential at any time, on-demand and at times that fit in your schedule. Our cohorted programs have specific start and end dates and do require students to stay on schedule to graduate._

How much time will it take to complete a Nanodegree program?_
Our Nanodegree programs vary in length and we provide an estimate of how long each program will take on the Program Overview page. Most Nanodegree programs take between 6 months to a year to complete.
Some Nanodegree programs are self-paced so students can complete the program as quickly or as slowly as they like. The time estimates for these programs are based on the time it takes a typical student who regularly dedicates 10 hours per week to complete the program. The actual time will vary considerably based on individual learning preferences._

How long will I have my mentor?_
For students enrolled in our standard Nanodegree programs, your mentor will be with you through your successful completion of Project 2. We know the most challenging part of a Nanodegree program is often just getting started, and completing those initial projects, so we want to ensure you’re set up for success, on the right track, and that you have the best possible start to your learning journey! Plus, the early weeks are when you’re establishing your study habits and and schedule, and mentors are a great resource for this process.
Students enrolled in our term-based programs (Self-Driving Car and Artificial Intelligence), will have access to an in-classroom mentor for the duration of their enrollment._

How quickly will my mentor respond?_
You should expect check-ins from your mentor an average of 1-2x a day, with response times generally never being longer than 12 hours. Each relationship will of course be slightly different, and exceptions may of course occur, but this should be your general expectation._

How often can I engage with my mentor?_
You will have a private chat channel that is always available in your classroom, and you should feel free to communicate there as often as you’d like! The more you’re able to share about your learning experience, your study habits, your successes and your challenges, the better able your mentor will be to provide actionable guidance and support. Your mentor won’t always be immediately available to respond, but they’ll regularly review your correspondence to ensure they’re providing the help you need._

How do I communicate with my mentor?_
You will communicate with your mentor in two primary ways: 1) You will have a private chat channel that is always available in your classroom, and 2) You will complete a weekly check-in in which you set specific goals for your next week of learning. Your mentor will review your goals and give you feedback on how best to proceed, and how to get the most out of your program!_

Why are you automatically assigning mentors?_
In an ongoing effort to determine how best we can support your success and drive your progress, we regularly research, analyze, and test different support strategies and initiatives, and it is wonderfully clear to us how positive an influence a mentor can be on a student’s Nanodegree program experience. While each student will be able to determine the extent to which they rely on your mentor for guidance and support, we feel confident that having a mentor to track your progress and help you set achievable goals will have a positive impact._

What is the Udacity community?_
The Udacity community consists of dedicated digital platforms and in-person events that you, as a Udacity student or graduate, have the opportunity to engage with to help you further your personal and professional goals. Our hope is that the Udacity community becomes a source of growth, encouragement, and joy for every student throughout every stage of their learning journey, starting from the day they first enter the Nanodegree classroom to graduation and beyond.
Your Nanodegree program may include access to discussion forums, Slack channels, other chat platforms, or you may have opportunities to join Udacity Connect sessions depending on where you live. We want students to use these platforms to freely ask and answer questions; to share advice, adversity, and accomplishments, and to feel connected and at home during your time here. Many of our most successful alums say that the Udacity community is a big part of what made their experience valuable and enjoyable--they often learned as much from their classmates as they did in the classroom!
By posting in our forums and other community channels, which are available to all students around the world (180 countries and counting!), you are contributing to the creation of a culture that celebrates collaborative, lifelong learning and mutual support._

What are the benefits of being a community member?_
Your Nanodegree community is made up of current students and alumni today, but the people you meet now may one day be potential collaborators, co-workers, or employers down the road. Fostering authentic relationships as a student will serve you well, personally and professionally, down the road._

What is a community violation and how are they handled?_
By engaging with our community, you agree to abide by our Terms of Service. We know that legalese is tedious, but in this case we encourage you to give it a read anyway as it serves to protect us, and by extension, your data and student experience, from unsavory folks.
Udacity reserves the right to suspend community privileges for students that break the code of conduct detailed in our Terms of Service, either in letter or in spirit. This may include having offending posts removed, asking the offending party to issue an apology, or removing the offending party from the platform itself._

What is the Udacity Honor Code?_
By enrolling in a Nanodegree program, you agree to abide by the Udacity Honor Code, a set of best practices that exist to ensure the best learning experience for yourself and all other Udacity students. Students found to act in violation of the terms set forth may be asked to leave their program without a refund.
Nanodegree Program
I will abide by the Terms of Service and all components of the Honor Code set for Udacity Nanodegree participants.
I will conduct myself with honor as part of the Udacity community.
I understand that all decisions regarding participation, graduation, and awarding of verified certificates will be made by Udacity at its sole discretion.
Project Submissions
I confirm that this submission is my own work. I have not used code from any other Udacity student's or graduate's submission of the same project. I have correctly attributed all code I have obtained from other sources, such as websites, books, forums, blogs, GitHub repos, etc. I understand that Udacity will check my submission for plagiarism, and that failure to adhere to the Udacity Honor Code may result in the cancellation of my enrollment.
Community Guidelines
I will help cultivate a positive, supportive learning environment.
I will communicate respectfully and considerately with all other Nanodegree participants, Udacity Coaches, and Udacity representatives.
I will not share any content that is obscene, illicit, threatening, or discriminatory.
I will contribute constructively to discussions with fellow students.
I will notify a Udacity Coach immedia cheating or plagiarism by any Nanodegree student._

Do I need to take each course in the Nanodegree program track in order to receive a Nanodegree credential?_
No. All you need to do to earn a Nanodegree credential is to submit completed projects that pass required specifications.
If you already have the skills you need to complete a project, you can submit it immediately and move on to the next project in your Nanodegree program portfolio.
The content is there to teach you the skills needed to complete the portfolio projects, should you need the help._

Are there deadlines within each program?_
We provide project deadlines in order to keep students on track to graduate within our recommended timeframe. These dates are created to accommodate a student who can dedicate at least 10 hours per week to the Nanodegree program. If you miss a deadline, don't worry! There are no penalties for missing a project deadline so just do your best to catch up. You can always reach out to your peers and coaches for extra support in meeting project deadlines._

Is there a final exam?_
There are no final exams in the traditional sense. We do test your skills by having you complete portfolio-ready projects. Nanodegree programs require you to complete between 5 to 8 projects to earn the credential. Sometimes we’ll provide some final questions to help you solidify the concepts you’ve learned, but they are not required to earn the credential._

What are the minimum requirements to graduate from a Nanodegree program?_
Minimum requirements include meeting specifications for all required projects and completing all graduation requirements. You will also need to pay for at least one month._

How are your Nanodegree credentials awarded?_
Udacity credentials will be awarded based on successful completion of all the required components of a program. After successfully completing your projects, your identity will be verified and you may be asked to do an exit interview. Upon successful completion of this process, you will receive an official Udacity Nanodegree credential._

Do I get a certificate once I graduate from my Nanodegree program?_
Yes! You’ll be able to access your certificate through your Udacity account._

Are self-paced programs eligible for 50% back?_
Self-paced programs are eligible for the 50% back reimbursement as long as the program is not the Plus variant and the program is completed within 12 months of the subscription start date._

How much does a self-paced program cost?_
Self-paced programs are charged on a monthly subscription basis. The exact monthly cost differs depending on region and program._

What is Nanodegree Plus?_
Our Nanodegree Plus offering is a Nanodegree program with a job guarantee included! You are guaranteed a job within 6 months of graduating, or you receive a 100% tuition discount. This is an ideal program for the job-focused and money-minded learner, because your education is paid for either way: you get a job at which you earn the money to cover your tuition expenses, or you get those expenses refunded!_

How is Nanodegree Plus different from the regular Nanodegree program?_
Nanodegree Plus includes all the features and benefits of all of our Nanodegree Programs, but includes the job guarantee described above. Because the focus is on getting hired, Nanodegree Plus students benefit from additional career support and placement services that are not part of the regular Nanodegree program benefits._

When will my project be reviewed?_
Project reviews are often completed in about 24 hours, something that Udacity strives for! As noted in your student handbook, "Due to the high volume of submissions and the time it may take your project reviewer to give personalized feedback, the turnaround period for project evaluations may be up to 1 week." Your student handbook can be found in your "Resources" section in your student portal._

Who grades Udacity projects?_
Udacity reviewers come from different backgrounds, live in different parts of the globe, and come by their expertise by different routes. But they are united in 3 critical ways:
Their skills are exemplary, and their knowledge is exceptional.
They are committed to your success.
Their work is consistently monitored to ensure it embodies Udacity values, and meets Udacity standards._

How does grading work at Udacity?_
For each project you work on, we provide you with everything you need to successfully complete it, including the rubric we use to grade it.
Once you've completed the project, and checked it against the rubric, you submit it through our site. A reviewer will use the same rubric to assess your submission. They will evaluate each component, and also review your code (when applicable) line-by-line.
Your project will be given a Meets Specifications grade if you've successfully completed the rubric requirements. If the reviewer determines that one or more items were not met, you will receive a Requires Changes grade. You'll need to make the necessary corrections, then submit again.
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+_

How do I cancel a project submission?_
If the option is available you can now cancel a project submission after it has been made. Once a project has been picked up to review you will not have the option to cancel your submission.
If you would like to cancel your submission for a project you will first want to navigate to the project page in the classroom. Once there you will see a link to Cancel Submission in the upper right hand corner of the page._

How can I become a reviewer?_
We’re looking for people who are subject matter experts, and who care deeply about providing Udacity Nanodegree students with timely, detailed, and insightful reviews. Successful Udacity reviewers understand the power of personalized feedback, and its importance to learning new skills.
Please visit our Apply Page for more information!_

How can I make myself a better careers candidate?_
Make sure you’re taking advantage of the career services available to you through your Nanodegree program, including personal branding asset audits, interview preparation, and more. Also be sure to check out our blogpost with tips on how to make the most of your Udacity profile._

Are companies interested in working with remote candidates?_
Yes! Many companies are interested in working with remote candidates, particularly for contract work. Make sure you explain your employment goals clearly. You can indicate your willingness to work remotely within the job preferences section of your profile._

I am in my mid to late career. Am I too old for a job as a developer?_
No! Career changes are common. If you can show recruiters/employers that you have the skills, you can get a job as a developer. If you’re still concerned about your chances of getting a job, check out our Nanodegree Plus program to be eligible for the 6-month Job Guarantee or your money back._

Will Udacity’s partner companies hire me if I gain a Nanodegree credential?_
Nanodegree program curricula are designed to develop and showcase the skills that employers expect. Our partner companies are committed to hiring graduates of the programs when there are matching positions available. To be eligible to be promoted to our partner companies through Udacity, make sure to fill out your Udacity Profile and keep it up to date as you progress through your Nanodegree program. If they are interested in talking to you, you should expect for them to reach out to you directly - Udacity will not be directly involved in any introductions.
We also have a job guarantee offering called Nanodegree Plus. You can read more about that here._

How do I start the job placement process through Udacity?_
The clearest path to pursue a job search through Udacity is to enroll in Nanodegree Plus, a program with structured career preparation curriculum that guarantees your money back if you do not get a job within 6 months of graduation. This program will give you the structure and additional support to drive your own job search process and get what you want out of your next job.
Empowering yourself through learning, acquiring critical skills, and pursuing career advancement are all life-changing steps to undertake. They require commitment, hard work, and a willingness to take risks. We recognize this, and want you to know we support you every step of the way. Enroll in Nanodegree plus, and we guarantee you’ll get hired within six months of graduating, or we’ll refund 100% of your tuition. That’s the kind of confidence we have in you.
For those who enroll in a Nanodegree program but do not opt for Nanodegree Plus, we recommend you start your Career Prep journey on our Career Resource Center, where you can find the set of resources we provide all Nanodegree Program students to aid their job search, including filling out their Udacity Careers Profile, complete their built-in Linkedin and Resume support, and more. Check out your options here._

What does it mean when a company is a Hiring Partner with Udacity?_
Udacity has hiring partnerships with industry-leaders around the world. For our students, this means our graduates will have direct exposure at these companies and companies will know that the skills we teach are vetted in the candidates we share with them.
Udacity’s Hiring Partners certainly help give you a leg-up, but it is only one of many ways for you to find jobs in your search. Job searches are most successful when you own your own needs desires and needs and apply proactively to the jobs that fit your individual profile. If you see a great job you’re interested in, get your resume and Linkedin ready and apply yourself, quickly!_

What do I need to do to be attractive to hiring partners?_
If you’re interested in job prospects related to this Nanodegree Program, we recommend getting started by filling out the information in your Udacity Profile. The more complete a profile, the better!
Also, our career services team will be in touch with you throughout your Nanodegree program with more tips before sharing your information with our partners! To get a head start, please see our Career Resources Center._

What is a Udacity Profile?_
A Udacity Profile connects you directly to employment opportunities through Udacity. It captures the majority of information our Hiring Partners are looking for: Desired roles, skills, seniority level, and location in addition to linking to your LinkedIn, Resume & Github accounts._

Who can see my profile?_
If you enable recruiter access, our hiring partners will have exclusive access to your profile through Talent Source, a directory to search and find highly qualified Udacity candidates. Turn off recruiter access if you wish to have your profile hidden from employers._

How will employers contact me?_
Employers will be able to contact you using the email address you have listed on your profile, so make sure that’s updated. Alternatively, they may find you on LinkedIn or Github if you have those linked._

If I have a Nanodegree certificate, will a company sponsor me for a work visa to work in the U.S.?_
Udacity does not offer any legal advice pertaining to immigration, work visas, or employer sponsorship. We encourage you to reach out to an immigration lawyer if you have any questions. You can view a list of external resources we've compiled for students looking to work outside of their country here. The Udacity Careers team does help our students connect with remote opportunities._

Who are your hiring partners for the Self-Driving Car Nanodegree program?_
We have over 15 hiring partners including Mercedes-Benz, BMW, Nvidia, Otto, and more. These companies are currently hiring anywhere from 10 to 200+ roles internationally and will be looking for talent into the foreseeable future.
For a full list of hiring partners, please see our Nanodegree overview page._

What kind of jobs could I get with the Self-Driving Car Nanodegree program?_
Graduates will be uniquely prepared for a wide variety of roles in the autonomous vehicle industry. These include System Software Engineer, Deep Learning Engineer, Vehicle Software Engineer, Localization and Mapping Engineer, Autonomous Driving Engineer, Autopilot Engineer, Sensor Fusion Engineer, Visual Perception Engineer, Machine Learning Engineer, and Motion Planning Engineer. As you’re looking for work, focus on the skills needed to do the job, rather than the title. If you feel you have a significant percentage of the skills needed to do a given job you find, go ahead and apply directly.
If you elect to work outside of automotive engineering, your foundation in deep learning and robotics will enable you to fill any number of related roles in other industries, including: Robotics Software Engineer, Prediction Engineer, Computer Vision Engineer, IoT Engineer, and Automation Engineer._

How much does it cost to enroll in a Udacity Nanodegree program?_
How much a Nanodegree program costs varies program to program and sometimes by your own learning pace. We recommend looking at the Overview Page of the Nanodegree program you are interested in to understand how much it will cost you._

Does Udacity offer discounts or coupons for college or university students?_
While we don’t offer discount directly to college and university students, we have partnered with GitHub to offer a special discount to members of their Student Developer Pack. You can learn more about this program here._

What payment methods do you accept?_
At this time we only accept debit or credit cards. We hope to add more payment options in the near future._

How does the free trial work?_
When you enroll in a Nanodegree program, your free trial begins immediately. During your free trial period, you have access to moderated forums for your program, and all features that come with a paid enrollment. You will not be able to graduate from the program and earn a credential however, while on your free trial. We highly recommend taking advantage of as many features as you can during the free trial so you can make an informed decision about whether the program is a good fit for you.
If you opt to continue the program, you don’t have to do anything further. Your card will automatically be charged. You can cancel your subscription anytime during the free trial._

When will I be billed?_
You will be billed at the end of your free trial. After that, you will be charged on that same day every month.
For example, if you enroll for a course with a 7 day free trial on July 1st, your first payment will be on July 8th. And every monthly payment after that will be due on the 8th (August 8th, September 8th, and so on)._

What’s the difference between pausing and canceling?_
Pausing your subscription maintains your original start date, and the tuition you've paid up to that point remains eligible for the 50% tuition discount. Canceling your subscription means you'll need to re-enroll when you wish to start again. You'll receive a new start date, and only your tuition payments going forward will be eligible for the 50% tuition discount._

How can I pause my Nanodegree program?_
You can pause during your Nanodegree program for either 7, 14, or 30 days by going to your account settings here. During your pause time, you will not have access to your learning path, mentor support services, code reviews, or the forum. You also will not be billed. Your progress will be saved and you can pick up where you left off after you un-pause.
Your Nanodegree program will automatically un-pause after this selected time period, and we’ll send you a reminder beforehand via email. If you’d like to start learning again before your pause period has ended, you can un-pause at any time.
Not all programs are eligible to pause. Programs such as Self-Driving Car Nanodegree program do not have the option._

How is my billing impacted when I pause an enrollment?_
When you pause your subscription, you may be mid-way through a month you already paid for. We keep track of the remaining credit of this month and you do not get billed while your subscription is paused. When your subscription unpauses, you will be billed for the next month with the credit amount applied._

How do I cancel my subscription?_
You may cancel your subscription by going to your account settings. You will continue to have access to all Udacity features until the end of your last billing term._

What happens to my progress when I cancel my subscription?_
We will always save your progress so if you need to take a break and come back, you can continue from where you left off._

What is 50% back?_
Through our "50% back" program, you earn a 50% tuition discount when you graduate with 12 months of your enrollment date. It's a key way we can invest in YOUR future!
For more information, check out this page._

Who is eligible for 50% back?_
To be eligible for 50% back:
you need to be in a self-paced Nandoegree program
you cannot be enrolled in Plus
you need to graduate from your Nanodegree program within one year of your start date
you need to be the one paying for your Nanodegree program. You are not eligible if your employer is paying for the program._

Does using a coupon disqualify me from 50% back?_
Nope! Your total spent on the Nanodegree program will simply be a lower amount, and you’ll be reimbursed based on the amount you spent._

Can I get 50% back for more than one Nanodegree program?_
Yes! As long as you are eligible, we will process your 50% tuition discount for every Nanodegree program you graduate from. Many of our students use their 50% discount from one Nanodegree program to pay for their next Nanodegree program!_

After I enter my email and password, I’m redirected back to udacity.com, without being logged in?_
It is possible that this issue is caused by browser extensions. Here are a few suggestions that may fix this issue:
Try logging in from an Incognito window.
Clear your browser cookies for udacity.com and www.udacity.com.
If that doesn't work, clear all your cookies.
Enable third-party cookies, if you have them disabled.
Try disabling some or all of your extensions. HTTPSEverywhere and AdBlock in particular seem to cause problems for our users.
Try logging in from another web browser.
If none of these fixes work, send us an email and we’ll do our best to help you further!_

I think one of the quizzes or problem sets is judging my answer incorrectly, whom do I contact?_
Quizzes and problem sets are evaluated by an automated system. While we make every effort to ensure that this works perfectly, we occasionally make mistakes that could cause incorrect evaluations of your work. If you think one of your answers has been evaluated incorrectly, please send us a message with all the relevant details. If we find an error on our side, we will improve our evaluation system for this question.
If you are enrolled in a Nanodegree program, you can also check in with a Coach on the forums to get guidance on a quiz or problem set._

I'm getting a processing error with my credit card when I try to sign up for a Nanodegree program?_
An error of this kind is generally due to security features on your card blocking our system. Please contact your bank to determine the cause of the block (we cannot see this information from our end). Please also make sure to let the bank know to accept charges from Udacity.com.
If this does not resolve the issue, please send us a message detailing your bank's response, and we can proceed from there._

I’m not able to access your course videos. What should be done?_
Our video player is hosted by YouTube and there are often restrictions on YouTube in certain countries. Unfortunately, these are YouTube access issues. If you don’t have access to YouTube, our courses can be downloaded from the Materials section of the page._

What is a Udacity course like?_
Udacity courses are highly interactive with activities such as quizzes and exercises interspersed between short videos and interviews with instructors and industry experts. The quizzes are a tool to help you learn, and an ongoing resource, so you can watch the videos and try the quizzes as many times as you like.
Usually, after a lesson there will be a problem set with exercises for you to reaffirm that you have learned the material. Just as with the quizzes, you can try them as many times as you like.
Udacity courses also include a project that you can add to your portfolio. Whether it is a blog, search engine, game or app, Udacity will help you build something that publicly demoates your skills._

How do I know which course to take?_
Udacity courses are roughly categorized as “Beginner,” “Intermediate,” and “Advanced.” .
Beginner classes are suited for those who have little to no prior knowledge of the subject.
Intermediate classes generally require some prior knowledge, but this can often be acquired as you go.
Advanced courses require significant familiarity with the subject area.
Every course page also includes a “What do I need to know?” section, which gives a list of prerequisites that will help you succeed._

Do you offer any certificates for free?_
We do not offer an option of earning a free certificate. Think of free courses as a textbook. Anyone is welcomed to read the textbook but the publisher would confirm whether or not you read the book. Our free courses work in a similar way; we make them available for students to learn on their own but we do not offer verifications of their completion.
If you are looking to earn a certificate, take a look at our Nanodegree credentials._

Can I get college credit for Udacity courses? Are you accredited?_
Udacity is not an accredited institution and we do not directly provide college credit. We have, however, partnered with Georgia Tech to offer an accredited, fully online Master’s Degree in Computer Science. While the courses are hosted on Udacity, the degree is conferred by Georgia Tech. Learn more about our Georgia Tech partnership here._

How do I access subtitles?_
All Udacity course videos have English subtitles. Subtitles may also be available in other languages, such as Spanish, Chinese, French, and Portuguese. To access the subtitles click the “cc” button in the classroom video player and select from the available languages._

How can I download course materials?_
Downloadable course materials are available under the Downloadables header in course dashboards and in the Classroom. You can download .zip files of videos in .mp4 format and transcripts in .srt format for all of our courses. Offline viewing will require a separate video player. At this time we only offer downloadable transcripts in English.
Udacity Coaches create downloadable supplemental resources for Nanodegree students as well. These include lesson notes, which are summaries of concepts from a lesson, select video screenshots and supplemental documents that will help you brush up or dive deeper on concepts within that course._

How do I get answers to questions I have related to the courses?_
We support an active learning community, and encourage you to post your questions to the course forums. There, your peers will often provide rich and helpful answers.
In addition, Nanodegree students have access to separate forum where our Coaches, mentors, and instructors actively provide answers and commentary._

How do I thank someone for their answer?_
If you’d like to thank someone for their contribution, feel free to “heart” a post. You can also respond to the topic, letting them know that you appreciate their comment._

What should I NOT do in the forums?_
Since this is a community forum, we have a few rules to make sure everyone is getting the most out their experience.
Do not post the solution to a problem, especially when someone only asks for a hint.
Do not post comments that create a judgmental or unwelcoming environment for others.
Other students do have the ability to report inappropriate posts to Udacity, so please consider everyone who is using the forums before posting. Discriminatory, abusive, or otherwise negative content will not be permitted._

How do I use the discussion forum?_
If you’re new to the forums, welcome! The forums are where you can post ideas and thoughts you have about courses, programs, and projects, and ask questions and receive feedback from other students.
The forum is an important social and learning element of the classroom and we encourage free flowing conversation in a friendly, open atmosphere.
If you’re uncomfortable about posting in English, we hope you will post in your own language rather than not post at all._

Are there assignments?_
At Udacity, we firmly believe in learning by doing, and we have built our courses and programs to focus on building real projects, and solving real problems. For example, each course includes a number of problem sets. They do not have due dates, and you are not assessed based on the work you do in these problem sets. But, you do receive instant feedback, and you can try them as many times as you like in order to ensure you’ve mastered the relevant concepts and skills.
Nanodegree programs do include larger portfolio projects that help demonstrate your learning. For Nanodegree students, these projects will receive personal feedback from individual graders, and will need to pass certain criteria in order to meet program completion requirements._

How can I get the most out of Udacity courses?_
To get the most out of any Udacity program, it’s important to be an active learner. Make time for learning as regularly as possible and be sure to do the exercises! Reach out to your peers and, if you are in a Nanodegree program, take advantage of the Coach-moderated forums early and often. Share your learning and career goals. Lastly, be sure to spend plenty of quality time on your portfolio projects. You will learn the most by doing._

What is Udacity?_
Udacity is an innovative online education provider. We offer cutting-edge courses built in partnership with leading companies like Google, AT&T, and Facebook on everything from mastering web design to tech entrepreneurship. Our flagship Nanodegree programs set the standard for industry-recognized credentials. Our mission is to Democratize Education, our mantra is Students First, and our message is: Be In Demand.
For more on our mission and who we are, please visit our “About Us” page._

How do you pronounce Udacity?_
You-dacity; it’s a play on the word “audacity” and combines University and “you”, the student._

How is Udacity different from other online course offerings?_
We develop all our courses with input from leading education and industry experts. The content is cutting-edge and teaches the most relevant skills needed to advance your career, whether you want to be in tech, or just leverage your new-found tech skills. These industry partnerships ensure that students are mastering the skills top employers are seeking in their candidates.
Nanodegree program enrollees also benefit from expert, personalized, and timely project review, coaching and peer support, financial backing (in the form of our 50% tuition refund offer and Job Guarantee), and robust career support, including personal branding asset audits, interview prep, and portfolio marketing via our Talent Source initiative. Udacity’s commitment to student success is unrivaled!_

How can I get Udacity to sponsor my hackathon or event?_
Due to the high volume of sponsorship requests we receive, we ask that all organizations fill out this form so that we can better understand your needs and whether our sponsorship would be a good fit for your event:
Udacity Sponsorship Application Form
Please answer all questions as thoroughly as possible, and we will be in touch as soon as we can._

How can I provide feedback to Udacity?_
We’d love to hear your thoughts on your Udacity experience! Student feedback is critical to our process, and we rely on your input to constantly evolve our offerings, and to ensure that we provide the best learning and career advancement experience possible. Just send us an email._

Do you offer a public API for developers to use to access Udacity’s data?_
Yes! Please see our Catalog API page for more details._

Why should I sign up for Udacity Connect?_
We want to ensure you have every tool, opportunity, and advantage at your disposal when it comes to pursuing and earning your Nanodegree credential. The addition of weekly face-to-face learning sessions can have a powerful impact on both the speed and quality of your work. These sessions offer interactive feedback, group accountability, goal setting and monitoring, social learning, and more. If you can benefit from these features, we recommend you add UConnect!_

How much does Udacity Connect cost?_
Nanodegree students who sign up for Udacity Connect before June 30, 2016 will receive one month at no cost. After that, the cost will be $99 per month._

Where can I find Udacity Connect?_
Udacity Connect sessions are currently available in New York, Los Angeles, and San Francisco, and will be coming to other cities soon. Nominate your city by adding your zip code to be notified._

Why did you create Udacity Connect?_
We want to be the place where students come to get an education to get a job, and our goal is to provide every student with the learning experience that is right for them. Our studies have shown us that students can significantly accelerate their success by adding face-to-face learning sessions to their independent, self-paced Nanodegree program studies. We created Udacity Connect for those students who wish to pursue accelerated success._

How do I join a session?_
You can use the Udacity Connect app to enroll in a session that best suits your scheduling needs. Once you’ve made your choice based on day and time, and you’ve successfully joined a session, you’ll start receiving weekly updates from your session leader with location details._

How long are the sessions?_
Weekday sessions are generally two hours long. Weekend sessions can be three hours._

What if the session I want is full?_
If your preferred session is full at the time of your enrollment, you can ask to be put on a list to be notified. When spots open up, you’ll be notified, and you can then sign up. Alternatively, you can join a different session._

Do I need to do anything to prepare before my first session?_
Make sure you download the Udacity iOS or Android app before coming to session so you receive important information from your Session Lead._

What happens if I miss a session?_
If you cannot make a session, let your Session Lead know beforehand to ensure that your absence is excused by emailing uconnect-support@udacity.com. If you have more than 2 consecutive unexcused absences, your spot will be forfeited so that other students can join.._

How can I become a Session Lead?_
If you are interested in becoming a Udacity Connect Session Lead, please email us at sessionlead-support@udacity.com. Please note that while preference will be given to Nanodegree program graduates, we are very happy to hear from all qualified individuals!_

Why should I enroll in the Robotics Nanodegree program?_
The field of robotics is growing fast and the demand for engineers with the right skills far exceeds the current supply. This program represents a unique opportunity to develop these in-demand skills. We are partnering with the best companies in the field of robotics to offer in-depth curriculum, expert instructors, and exclusive hiring opportunities.  You will come out of this program having completed several hand-on robotics projects, both in simulation and on real hardware, that will serve as portfolio pieces that demonstrate the skills you’ve acquired. This is an ideal program for anyone seeking to launch or advance a career in this incredible field._

What kinds of topics will the Robotics Nanodegree program cover?_
The program will cover topics including perception, localization, path planning, and control. Computer Vision and machine / deep learning techniques for robot perception will also be covered, as well as the Robot Operating System (ROS) and an introduction to robotic hardware systems._

How is the Robotics Nanodegree program different from your Machine Learning Engineer Nanodegree program or your Self-Driving Car Engineer Nanodegree program?_
The Machine Learning Engineer Nanodegree program is the most general of the three programs. It offers a great foundation, and is an excellent choice for anyone pursuing a career in a field where machine learning techniques are used. However, the curriculum is not as advanced as the other two programs, and it does not specialize to the same extent.
The Machine Learning Engineer program is not an official prerequisite for either the Self-Driving Car or Robotics programs, though it may be beneficial to some students to complete this program first, depending on your existing knowledge and experience.
The Robotics program provides an introduction to various aspects of robotics including perception, localization, path planning, and control, as well as the Robot Operating System (ROS).  All of the techniques required to complete the projects in the Robotics program (including machine learning) are taught as part of the program.
The Self-Driving Car Nanodegree is a specialized robotics program; it uses robotics concepts and applies them to a self-driving car.  If you are interested in robotics in general beyond the field of self-driving cars, then the Robotics Nanodegree Program is for you._

How are you developing the Robotics Nanodegree curriculum and who are your partners?_
Udacity is developing the curriculum for the Robotics Nanodegree program in close partnership with Electric Movement, a cutting-edge robotics engineering company in the Bay Area.  Electric Movement is a pioneer in the space of rapid prototyping and development of robotics solutions for companies of all sizes.  Their work touches every aspect of robotics, from conceptual design to production. They are an ideal partner to help us deliver a comprehensive and world-class experience for our students.
Udacity is also building content in partnership with Megabots, a company focused on “leveraging deep engineering expertise in the rapidly advancing field of hydraulic robotics in order to empower an entire generation of creators to actually build the robots of science fiction for the first time.”_

Does the Robotics Nanodegree program have hiring partnerships associated with it?_
Yes! We are thrilled to have as hiring partners these leading-edge companies that will fast track graduates for job consideration at their companies: Lockheed Martin, Uber ATG, Kuka, Bosch, Electric Movement, MegaBots, iRobot, and X, Alphabet’s Moonshot Factory._

What jobs will the Robotics Nanodegree program prepare me for?_
Our goal with this program is to equip you with the most valuable skills in this field; the skills top companies are looking for as they search for the next generation of robotics talent. Enter the search terms “Robotics Engineer” in Glassdoor, Indeed, or any other major job search engine, and you’ll find thousands of openings all over the world in a diversity of industries.  To ensure you’re well-prepared to meet this demand, this program will focus on the software behind robotics systems, while also providing you the opportunity to work with hardware in the second term.  You will learn practical application of robotics concepts like perception, localization, path planning and controls using the languages and frameworks that are in demand in the industry (Python, C++, ROS, Gazebo)._